Most people use AI like a fancy search
engine. They type a question, they get
an answer, they copy and paste it.
That's it. But that's not automation.
That's just a faster Google. The people
who are actually winning right now,
they're not using one AI. They're
combining two. One thinks, one builds
together. They run entire workflows
while you sleep. Chat GPT 5.4 just
dropped with insane reasoning upgrades.
Gemini 3.1 Pro is now one of the most
powerful builder AIs on the planet. And
when you combine them, you get something
most people haven't figured out yet. A
two AI stack that can plan a project,
write the code, create the content,
build the system, and run it on
autopilot. Today, I'm going to show you
exactly how that works. Five real
workflows, real prompts, real examples.
And by the end of this video, you'll
have everything you need to start
building your own AI powered system from
scratch. Stay till the end because the
last workflow is the most powerful thing
I've shown on this channel. If we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Today, we're breaking down how to
use Chat GPT 5.4 and Gemini 3.1 Pro
together as one unstoppable automation
machine. Not theory, not fluff, just
practical workflows you can steal and
use in your business right now. Here's
the big idea. Stop thinking of AI as one
tool. Start thinking of it as a team.
Chat GPT 5.4 is your strategist. It
reasons. It plans. It breaks down
complex projects into clear steps. It
has a 1 million token context window,
which means it can hold an enormous
amount of information in one
conversation. It's your big picture
thinker. Gemini 3.1 Pro is your
executive. It builds, it codes, it reads
massive documents, processes images,
handles video, and turns plans into real
outputs. It's your hands-on builder. The
workflow architecture looks like this.
Step one, chat GPT 5.4 does the
strategy. Step two, Gemini 3.1 Pro does
the building and execution. Step three,
automation tools like Zapia or Make the
whole system on autopilot. Step four,
you get the output, content, reports,
tools, dashboards, whatever your
business needs. That's the stack. Simple
in theory, incredibly powerful in
practice. Now, let's get into the actual
workflows. This one is for anyone who
creates content online and wants to stop
doing it manually. Here's the goal. Turn
one idea into 30 pieces of content
automatically. Step one, go to chat GPT
5.4 and use this prompt. Research
trending topics in AI automation for
entrepreneurs. Create 10 video ideas
with hooks and full outlines. Chat GPT
gives you a complete content calendar,
ideas, angles, scripts, structure. It
does the thinking so you don't have to.
Step two, take one of those scripts to
Gemini 3.1 Pro and use this prompt. Turn
this script into a Twitter thread, a
LinkedIn post, a blog article, an email
newsletter, and a carousel. One script,
five formats, done in seconds. Step
three, Zapia publishes it automatically.
Notion stores it. Google Docs formats it
for your team. One hour of setup, weeks
of content output, that's the content
engine. And if you want a pre-built
version of this for your own business,
that's exactly the kind of system we
build inside the AI profit boardroom.
Quick pause here because I want to make
sure you know about this. Everything I'm
showing you today, these workflows,
these systems, these prompts, we go 10
times deeper on all of it inside the AI
profit boardroom. It's where serious
people come to build real AI powered
businesses. We cover content automation,
marketing systems, lead generation
workflows, and custom tools, all built
with AI. If that sounds like where you
want to be, the link is in the
description. Now, let's keep going. This
one is huge for coaches, educators,
course creators, and anyone who teaches
online. Step one, drop your POFS,
research papers, lecture notes, or any
large documents into Gemini 3.1 Pro. Ask
it to summarize the key ideas and pull
out the most important insights. Gemini
can handle files most tools choke on.
Hundreds of pages at once, no problem.
Step two, take those summaries into chat
GPT 5.4. Ask it to transform them into
lessons, onboarding guides, study
materials, or community resources,
whatever format your audience needs.
Step three, Chat GPT builds out quizzes,
flashcards, and practice tests based on
that content. Your entire course library
or member resource hub built by AI in a
fraction of the time. If you run a
community and you want to keep members
engaged with fresh educational content
every week, this workflow does that for
you automatically.
This one is for teachers and online
educators specifically. Step one, chat
GPT 5.4 designs the curriculum. You give
it your subject and your audience, and
it produces a full course outline,
learning objectives, and a week-by-eek
lesson plan. Step two, Gemini 3.1 Pro
creates all the supporting materials,
slides, diagrams, exercises, worksheets.
Gemini can even analyze visual material
and generate explanations around it.
Step three, chat. GPT reviews student
assignments and generates personalized
written feedback at scale. What used to
take a teacher an entire weekend to
prepare can now be done in under an
hour. The AI does the heavy lifting so
the teacher can focus on actually
connecting with students. This is the
most powerful workflow in today's video
and the one most people haven't tried
yet. You can use this 2 AI stack to
build actual software tools, dashboards,
automation pipelines, custom reporting
systems. No coding background required.
Here is a real example. Let's say you
want to build a weekly analytics report
that pulls your data, formats it, and
delivers insights automatically every
Monday morning. Step one, go to chat GPT
5.4 with this prompt. Design the system
architecture for a weekly automated
analytics report. Include what data
sources to connect, what the output
should look like, and what APIs to use.
Chat GPT maps out the entire system for
you. What to build, how to build it,
what tools to connect. Step two, take
that architecture to Gemini 3.1 Pro with
this prompt. Build the Python scripts
and API workflow for this system.
Connect it to Google Sheets and include
Zapia automation. Gemini writes the
code, connects the APIs, builds the
dashboard. The output is a fully working
tool that generates your report
automatically every week without you
touching it. That used to take a
developer weeks to build. Now it takes
an afternoon. This workflow replaces
what most businesses pay an entire
marketing team to do. Step one, Chat GPT
5.4 does the market research. You prompt
it to analyze your competitors, read
customer reviews, and identify what your
ideal audience actually wants to hear.
It gives you a full positioning
strategy. Step two, you hand that
strategy to Gemini 3.1 Pro. It generates
the ad copy, writes the landing page,
builds the email sequence, and even
suggests creative directions for your
visuals. Step three, you run the
campaign. Chat GPT analyzes the results,
and tells you exactly what to change.
Gemini rebuilds the assets based on that
feedback. That loop is plan, build,
test, improve, running on autopilot.
What used to take a team of five people
a week to produce, this stack produces
in a single afternoon. Two things before
you go. First, the AI profit boardroom.
If you are serious about building AI
powered systems for your business, this
is where you do it. We go deep on the
exact workflows I showed you today, plus
a whole lot more. Real systems, real
community, real results. Link is in the
description. Second, the AI success lab.
It is completely free. Over 40,000
members already inside. You will get all
the notes from this video. Over 100 AI
use cases, full SOPs, and access to a
community of people who are already
building with AI every day. Links are in
the comments and the description. The
people who learn to build AI workflows
today will run the internet businesses
of tomorrow. Start now. See you inside.